c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\WpfApp1.exe.config
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\WpfApp1.pdb
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\Hl7.Fhir.STU3.Core.dll
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\Hl7.Fhir.Support.dll
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\Hl7.FhirPath.dll
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\Hl7.Fhir.STU3.Core.xml
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\Hl7.Fhir.Support.xml
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\Hl7.FhirPath.xml
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1.g.resources
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1.exe
c:\users\m\source\repos\EKP - FHIR\WpfApp1\obj\Release\WpfApp1.pdb
